applications: serial_lte_modem: Fix indications in #XSLEEP=2 (#13207)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the :ref:`serial_lte_modem` application.

.. rst-class:: v2-5-0

> NCSDK-24757: SLM triggers indication PIN immediately after #XSLEEP=2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-24757: SLM triggers the indication PIN immediately after the the ``#XSLEEP=2`` AT command
```

>   When #XSLEEP=2 disables the UART, it writes "Ready" to the UART TX buffer, which immediately triggers the indication PIN, even though there is no incoming traffic or notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When the ``#XSLEEP=2`` AT command disables the UART, it writes "Ready" to the UART TX buffer.
  This immediately triggers the indication PIN, even though there is no incoming traffic or notifications.
```
Should "Ready" be ``Ready``? Not sure on that one.

Author: It is plain Ready in the buffer, so perhaps `Ready`.
